 Market Analysis and Forecasting of Fruits and Vegetables of Kalimati market
 
 Kalimati Fruits and Vegetables Markets is the pioneer organized terminal wholesale market in Nepal where retailers, institutional consumers, and other bulk consumers procure their supplies. This market alone covers 60 to 70 percent of the demand of Kathmandu valley. We have collected data since 2016 A.D from Kalimati market proposed comprehensive customization of feature engineering and interpolation with regression for predicting price trend of Kalimati market. We are also analysing the data and the spike and down of the prices of the commodities according to the weather of Nepal. We have also done seasonal analysis using SARIMAX of the vegetables and fruits. For linear modelling of univariant time series analysis and forecasting we have used ARIMA model in our project. We also are showing the analysis during covid and pre-covid and its terms on the price of the commodities in the market. We are using VAR(Vector Auto Regression) for multi-variant time series analysis. We also have used LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) for time-series analysis. Then, we have compared the results of different algorithm.
 This project is done to fullfill the requirement of curriculum of Bachelor in Computer Engineering.
 
 In this repository, I published the result of some fruits and vegetables using different algorithms.
 
 Conclusion: Different models were applied for forecasting the price of commodities which includes models like ARIMA, SARIMAX, VAR and LSTM. Among them the best accuracy was obtained from SARIMAX in terms of monthly average as commodities in Kalimati market are seasonal aspects. In terms of daily forecasting, best result was obtained from LSTM which also has consideration of other factors like rainfall and temperature.
